 Sonic and the Tainted Chili Dog
Chili induced nightmare
	It was a peaceful afternoon in green hill zone. Sonic and the freedom fighters were hanging out like they do every other sunday afternoon, after church. It had been awhile since sonic had feel the sweet of another being since amys death. While sonic was sitting solomlnly alone on a log, knuckles came by and rested his thick hands on his shoulders. His pointy knuckles reflecting the sunlight, into Sonics eyes. Sonic said, "Hey man, put those things away, you know know im in a bad mood today. Then Knuckles grinned and said, "Hey Sonic, I'm just trying to cheer you up , you know Amy used to love these knuckles. Knuckles raises his knuckles to show to Sonic. And then Knuckes softly looked at sonic and whispered, "hey man I know its been hard since amy died, But im here for you and it  know you swore off chili dogs, but lets go get one."  Sonic looks up at Knuckles and said, "But what about what reverand Gereld said to us in Church today, we must not fall for our temptations." Sonic flashes back to this mornings service. Gereld talks about his old creating ultimate life forms addicitions and Shawdow coughs in the third row. Sonic thinks back to the month after Amy died, 50 pounds heaveier and dragging his gut on the ground, as he's reaching for a can of Hormel™ chili.  Sonic gurgles through his mouthful of Hormel™ chili, "Thanks Obama," as he falls to the ground. Sonic looked up at the sky, his chili ridden body could not sustain him anymore. A complete betrayl. Sonics heavy lids drew close, for what he thought would be the last time. As the chili induced nightmare ravaged his brain, he heard a painic inducing familar tune.  He felt like he was drowning. In the midst of the chili, he reached for a pocket of air. He weak body couldn't swim fast enough and he started he slow decent into an endless sea of chili. As he fell, his consiuous said to him, "Is this it," and his vision faded to black.  Suddenly he heard a familiar voice. "Tails! Who gave sonic this Hormel™ Chili? And suddenly he knew he was ok, resting in the knuckles of his best friend. 

	Sonic's eyes flew open as he felt a sharp pain in his diaphram. Chunks of Hormel™ chili streamed out of Sonic's mouth. Tails stutters, "Get it all out buddy, and I'm sorry, I forgot to check your anus pocket for the chili. Cream, suddenly popped into the room, obviously easvedropping on their converversation and yelled, "OF COURSE HIS HIDDEN ANUS POCKET, TAILS YOU SHOULD"VE KNOW BETTER," and the winks at the camera her chao is holding. Tails quipped back, "Last time I looked in there, i saw chaos, CHAOS HIMSELF. Did any know he sealed Chaos in his anus? Cause I didn't." Creams giggled, "I did," and looked at the camera. Knuckles obviously tired of all the anus talk cut in, "Enough, were off track. So what are we going to do about Sonic? I mean look at him, he's clinging to that can of Hormel™ chili like a mother holding her newborn child. This is worse than that time he got addicted to emeralds." Looking at the camera, Cream giggles. Sonic's voice is barley above a whisper. "Who knew that crack is a gateway to chili." Sonic gives up and slumps over, a chili-less man. Cream looks at the camera. "I did, but i just wanted to see what would happen." The chao smiles and shakes his head. Sonic thinks back to his early years. 
07-10-2021
	Sonic thinking about his life, reminese about the joys of being Sonic. Everything was fast the cars, the women, the money, but most the emearlds. When you got enough rings an emarld would just appear, so of course I would collect as many rings as possible. But then I was introduced to the real speed, that is the drug... I was one bright and shiney day, I was standing in the Mcdonalds parking lot, when I was thinking "man what could possibly make these nuggets better." Then I heard a rapping on my window. "These nugs are good, but do you know what would make these better young man? Well do you?" "No what would Mr. strange homeless man? I can tell you have years of experiacne with all that beard hair." "Haha, you are right young hedgehog, and you know what makes stuff better? Crack!" "What is that?", sonic asked, full of wonder. "Its these little rocks you smush up and put it on your food, it opens the universe up to you and it makes you go faster." "So could I really become the fastest thing alive?" "Sure kid, you can have all the stupid dreams you want with a little crack." "Here ill show you my supplier, her names Cream, just tell her Big the Cat sent you."
He got addicted to crack and started to go to fast so he introduced him to chili dog to make him go slower. He was too slow to save Amy. i am egg chao   


